RMS
Master Node

The master node facilitates all the comunication in the 
system. When the master node is run it starts up six threads
two for each method of communicaiton. The threads can be 
separated into two groups providers and requesters. 
Providers are made up of publishers, action servers, and 
services; Requesters are made up of subscribers, action 
requesters, and service requesters.

Providers:

The master node listens on several different files for new 
nodes, once a node connects to the master it adds it to the
name appropriate list. Then the master assigns the node a file
to communicate on. This file name is created by taking the 
integer value of the number of connections, converting it to 
a string and appending ".ipc" to the end. Currently there is 
a 100 node limit however to change this all it takes is a 
simple change of constants in the master and every other type
of node. Once the new file has been generated it gets sent to
the node and the number of nodes is incremented. 

Requesters:

The master node listens on several different files for new
nodes, once a node connects to the master it adds it to the 
name appropriate list. Then the master assigns the node a file
to communicate on. This file name is created by taking the
integer value of the number of connections, converting it to
a string and appending ".ipc" to the end. Currently there is
a 100 node limit however to change this all it takes is a
simple change of constants in the master and every other type
of node. Once the new file has been generated it gets sent to
the node and the number of nodes is incremented. From here a 
new thread is created to handle the communication with the 
subscribers. Whenever a new publisher joins the topic the 
master node sends out the appropriate file path to all 
subscribers to the topic for them to subscribe.


In an attempt to minimize memory use and to decrease the 
ammount of communication going on when a node is removed 
from the system is will not update the master, because of this
the total number of connections will never go down even when
node drop off the system. This should not cause any issues as
when a node leave the network it can no longer publish any 
information or effect the network in anyother way, however, 
they will still contribute to the number of nodes possably 
causing confustion when the number of nodes reach 10000.

The aproximate memory usage of the master is 40kb without any nodes on the network.
